Feat omar langfuse template (#86)
merantix-momentum/scaffold-core: README.md

* *monitoring:* Utilities for monitoring training jobs
* *wandb:* Utilities for logging to Weights and Biases
* *dev:* Dependencies required for development and running tests

> * *langfuse:* A script that sets up Langfuse tracing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *langfuse:* Provides a module that sets up Langfuse tracing upon import.
```
